42/textual enhancement (#43)
AxonIQ/axoniq-library-site: content/legacy_docs_as/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Legacy Axon Server Documentation

> NOTE: The Axon Documentation contains documentation for Axon Server 4.8 onwards. The menu on the left links to the documentation for previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The Axon Documentation contains documentation for Axon Server 2024.1 onwards. The menu on the left links to the documentation for previous versions.
```
